### Summary

I added an attention system with two new components: attention and perception. It uses an input queue for incoming stimuli like hearing something or seeing someone. Stimulus increases attention on that location or entity, and attention decays over time (these are zombies, after all). Damaging zombies will now get their immediate attention.

I added a horde system using the attention system. When a zombie sees another zombie that is chasing something, it should follow the same target or the other zombie.

I added a system for expiring screen effects. Effect relationships can be added with a duration, after which the effect will expire and fade out. I also added strength curves to screen effects that vary effect strength over the duration - can tweak fade in/out, fade over time, or create intermittent effects like a heartbeat.

I set up a campaign resource with more info about levels for the loading screen. It replaces the dictionary of level scenes in the game world and adds level title, loading screen images, and loading hints. Level-specific hints can be added to the campaign-level hints or replace them.

I fixed the player damage effect, fixed reload sound playing when you reload with 0 spare ammo, and fully implemented loading screen hints with proper fade transitions.

### Progress

- added an attention system
	- still rough, not wired into damage system
	- two new components: attention and perception
	- uses an input queue for incoming stimuli, like hearing something or seeing someone
	- stimulus increases attention on that location or entity
	- attention decays over time (these are zombies, after all)
	- damaging the zombies will now get their immediate attention
- added a horde system
	- using the attention system, when a zombie sees another zombie that is chasing something, it should follow the same target or the other zombie
- added a system for expiring screen effects
	- effect relationships can be added with a duration, after which the effect will expire
	- expired effects will fade out
- set up a campaign resource with more info about levels for the loading screen
	- replaces the dictionary of level scenes in the game world
	- adds a level title, loading screen images, and loading hints
	- level-specific hints can be added to the campaign-level hints or replace them
- fix the player damage effect
	- and generally fix screen effects with a temporary duration
- fix reload sound playing when you reload with 0 spare ammo
	- now you can only reload if you have some spare ammo
- fully implement loading screen hints
	- fixed hints switching too rapidly
	- fade hints in and out
- added strength curves to screen effects
	- varies effect strength over the duration of the effect
	- can tweak fade in and out, fade over time
	- can be used for intermittent effects like a heartbeat

### Next Up

- copy devlogs into github
- start setting up itch page
- include bullet type when looking up decals, like `bullet_wood` or `rocket_stone`
- add a stick melee weapon
- [x] add a rock throwing weapon
- implement armor and healing screen effect
- [x] move cheats into options manager?
