### Summary

I added an experience component that can double as points or score. It will be attached to items/entities that give experience and needs to transfer to the player when they interact with or kill something. I also added an experience action that can add or remove experience/score.

I added a stamina component and system. Stamina drains while moving based on velocity, drains when swinging melee weapons, drains faster when sprinting or jumping (separate cost for each), and recharges while moving slowly or standing still. Characters cannot jump or sprint when below their limits.

I started working on an editor tool to take level screenshots for loading screens. It uses a special screenshot camera that is removed at runtime, though it's not using the right transform yet.

I started working on a city level with 2x3 blocks of brick buildings and winding alleys with some small parks and rooftop bridges. Currently named test_town and only available through debug flags.

I integrated the dialogue system with the other menus. It hides the game HUD when dialogue starts and does not pause the game, but does capture player input.

I adjusted footstep interval depending on player movement - faster when sprinting, slower when sneaking. I also added sounds when glass breaks and prevented zombie weapons from colliding with or damaging them. I added a node type for levels that allows some customization of the structure and can set a fixed camera for editor screenshots.

### Progress

- added experience component (can double as points or score)
	- will be attached to items/entities that give experience
	- need to transfer experience to player or another character when they interact/damage/kill something
- add experience action
	- can add or remove experience/score
- added stamina component and system
	- drains while moving based on velocity
	- drains when swinging melee weapons
	- drains faster when sprinting or jumping (separate cost for each)
	- recharges while moving slowly or standing still
	- characters cannot jump or sprint when below limits (separate limits for each)
- start working on an editor tool to take level screenshots for loading
	- uses a special screenshot camera that is removed at runtime
	- not using the right camera or transform yet, so screenshots are always taken at the world origin
- start working on a city level
	- 2x3 blocks of brick buildings and winding alleys with some small parks and rooftop bridges
	- currently named `test_town` and only available through the debug flags, `--level=test_town`
- integrated the dialogue system with the other menus
	- hides the game HUD when dialogue starts
	- dialogue does not pause the game, but does capture player input
	- adjusted some border colors in dialogue menu
- adjust footstep interval depending on player movement
	- faster when the player is sprinting
	- slower when the player is sneaking
- add sounds when glass breaks
- prevent zombie weapons from colliding with or damaging them
- add a node type for levels
	- allows some customization of the structure
	- can set a fixed camera for editor screenshots/loading images

### TODOs

- set up an action event signal on base entity
	- fire when actions have occurred
	- can be bound to ActionsUtils.run_entity helper to run action nodes
	- could work, except that most actions are run in observers/systems
- complete objective when a certain amount of experience is reached
	- modes: highest single player or sum of all players
- show current progress in objectives menu
	- flags should show done/not
	- counts should show X/Y value
- adjust footstep speed based on velocity instead of inputs

### Next Up

- copy devlogs into github
- start setting up itch page
- include bullet type when looking up decals, like `bullet_wood` or `rocket_stone`
- add a stick melee weapon
- [x] add a rock throwing weapon
- implement armor and healing screen effect
- [x] move cheats into options manager?
	- cheats manager currently provides global access, but can't be used for other options like subtitles
