### Summary

I started adding sounds to the game using the AudioSubtitle3D class. I also implemented a TriggerArea3D script to handle trigger areas in a more generic way, replacing the various hacked-together event scripts. I added a custom editor plugin to fix collision box mesh scaling.

I ran into issues with sounds being cut off when their parent entity is removed from the world. This will need to be solved before more sounds are added.

### Sound

I started adding sounds, using the AudioSubtitle3D class. The sound code is currently spread across a few different systems and needs to be consolidated:

- ZS_Player handles sounds for player interactions and weapons
- ZS_Projectile handles impact sounds for projectiles
- that's about it for now

The projectile impact sound should probably be moved from the Projectile system into the projectile scene, since a scene with only that one audio node is a bit weird.

The explosion sounds are being cut off when the entity is removed from the world, because the sounds are a child of the barrel entity scene/node. This will be a problem for the bullet impact sounds as well, if they become part of the projectile scene.

Decals need to be a child of the impacted shape, because they need to move when it does, and sounds will need to move as well for things like rocket projectiles or a chainsaw weapon. Because of that, they cannot be attached to some global SoundManager, but they still need to exist after the parent entity has been removed from the ECS world.

Not sure how to solve that problem yet. Having a Manager singleton sync the positions every frame seems expensive and error-prone, especially if I ever enable doppler effects.


### Event Scripts

Everything in the `scripts/events` folder right now is a terrible hack of some kind or another. Most of them extend Area3D and provide different functionality, which could be provided by an observer or system scanning ~~the relevant areas~~ the parent entities, because none of them really follow ECS right now and it's impossible to attach more than one to each area.

I think it would still be ok to have some of them live adjacent to the ECS system and keep them on the physics thread, as long as they do simple tasks like adding a relationship to any entity that enters the area. That doesn't solve the problem of trying to attach more than one area type to the same area, which I already ran into with the burn-on-enter and damage-on-enter scripts. Those were easy enough to combine into a single script, same with burn-on-timer and damage-on-timer, but it would be interesting to have a generic copy-components-on-{enter|timer} that would let you set up a list of components in the editor, then deep-copy them to each entity on enter, exit, or timer. That seems like the most generic solution that is still sane and editable.

I implemented a TriggerArea3D script, which handles most of the basics, but has a few issues:

- no line of sight check
- no flammable check before applying the burning damage component
- in general, no way to provide checks for each component/relationship in the list

### Areas

Line-of-sight detection is critical for many of the gameplay scenarios that make a zombie shooter fun, like enemy awareness.

Area triggers do not test line-of-sight very well, since it is only tested from the center of the area. At the very least, each corner point of the collision shape should be tested (for small, geometric shapes) or a random sampling (for larger meshes).


### Tools

I added a few custom editor tools to make level building easier and less tedious.

I added a custom plugin that can fix the mesh of any re-scaled collision boxes, by multiplying the mesh points by the scale, then setting the scale back to 1. This results in a mesh of the same size, with a uniform scale of 1.0 on all axes.
