### Summary

I started setting up cheats like no-clip and god mode, though no-clip breaks mouse look for some reason. I added screen effects to the main menu scene, including damage, vignette, acid, fire, and water effects. They can all be visible together, each with their own duration and strength.

I also added dialogs to the save game menu for entering names on new saves and confirming before replacing existing saves.

### Progress

- started setting up cheats
	- ~~cannot figure out how to exclude the CharacterBody3D from gravity~~
	- no-clip breaks mouse look for some reason
	- health component will probably need a no-damage flag
	- there is no aggro system in place yet to disable
- improved the duration format in exit dialog
	- now shows "1.1 minutes" for values with an integer part < 10 and >= 1 minute
- added screen effects to main menu scene
	- ~~currently allows one effect at a time~~
	- all of the effects can be visible together, each with its own duration and strength
	- damage and vignette effects are included for player reactions
	- acid, fire, and water effects are included for environmental conditions
	- the effects use a tween to fade out over time
	- effects can be "toggled" with an infinite duration, which disables the fade-out tween
	- specialized Area3D can add and remove effects
	- the water effect uses a shader to scroll across the screen
	- effects should be represented better:
		- they are a relationship, but the relationship is removed by the player system after the effect has been applied to the menus, which is not very good for persistence and makes it impossible to test if the effect is currently applied
		- another relationship can be added with a strength of 0.0 to remove the effect
		- this one incurred some real tech debt
- added dialogs to the save game menu
	- enter name for new saves
	- confirm before replacing existing saves

### TODOs

- ~~support multiple screen effects simultaneously~~
- ~~fade water effect in and out~~
- ~~scroll water effect texture over screen (and/or use a shader)~~
- ~~add fire and poison screen effects~~
- figure out why the shotgun keeps showing up in the crosshairs
- figure out day and night sky switching
- copy devlogs into github

### Next Up

- cleaning up screen effect relationships
- explosion decals, starting with the explosive barrels
	- need to be careful with large decals on uneven surfaces
- character hit effects, starting with zombie gibs
	- probably using the hurt sounds on the health component
- build zone 1 outdoor map at full size
	- make sure hotel exterior matches, especially front door area

### Targeting

For some reason, when the shotgun is not equipped, it often shows up as the interaction target. This happens most when the baseball bat is equipped and the shotgun is not, but is in your inventory. I suspect the recent changes to make the inventory items follow the player are related, since the shotgun has one of the largest models. Making the inventory items visible would be the best way to test that.

### Building the Zone 1 exterior map

These are some notes for building the outdoor area around the hotel, where the first zone takes place.

- break up long lines sight. make occlusion culling work better, which will allow more prop density in the forest area.
- Keep the forest paths invisible from the hotel area.
- keep the hotel entrance at the same scale as inside.
- the hotel perimeter can be smaller if needed, because the interior hallways will make it hard to notice.
- use sprites in the forest with noise or grass textures over a transparent mask.
