### Summary

I added ambient audio to the spooky church level.

I made various changes to the bus stop level: added it to the main campaign as bus_stop, added an ambient audio loop (still needs a better city background sound), added traffic cones and explosive barrels, added gutters and downspouts to buildings, and made buildings and bus stops taller so the player would fit.

I did a lot of design thinking about impact sounds, throwables, and flammability levels. Things can be not flammable at all (stone, metal, brick), ignite on contact with fire (oil, wood, cars), ignite on contact with projectile (gas), or explosive (enough gas, oil drums). Things can be explosive along with another level, like cars that burn and then explode.

### Progress

- added ambient audio to the spooky church level
- various changes to the bus stop level:
	- added to the main campaign as `bus_stop`
	- added ambient audio loop
		- the loop is not perfect, need to find a city background sound
	- added traffic cones and some explosive barrels
	- added gutters and downspouts to the buildings
	- made the buildings and bus stops taller so the player would fit

### Todos

Demo levels campaign starts with a tree room (portals to other levels)

### Impact sounds

When something enters the bat's collision area, play the thump sound. Play different sounds based on the surface type.

### Throwables and Flammability Levels

- Two puddles - oil, fuel
- A flare - ignites anything flammable
- Two crates - wood and metal

- Throwables - ranged weapons with 1/1 ammo
- Stacks - show count next to inventory with > 1 of name

3.5 levels of flammable:

- Not at all - stone, metal, brick
- On contact with fire - oil, wood, cars
- On contact with projectile - gas
- Explosive - enough gas, oil drums

Things can be explosive along with another level, like cars that burn and then explode, or oil drums that explode when their health is low.

Puddles should never explode, unless they are special (swamp gas, explosive goop).

- If the player shoots an oil puddle, nothing happens.
- If the player shoots a gas puddle, it ignites and then goes out.
- If the player shoots a gas barrel, it ignites and then explodes.
- If the player throws a flare into an oil puddle, it ignites and then goes out.

Fires should also be able to go out without exploding if insufficient damage was done. Hitting it again would reignite the fire up to N times, but it would not explode until death.

All of this is possible through the action nodes, but will need two more conditions:

- Surface type condition or branch node
- Projectile type condition (metallic bullets and zombie acid should ignite, crossbow bolts and zombie goop should not ignite )
