### Summary

I added a few small features today: shortcuts to quick save and load the game and a multiplier to reduce your movement control while jumping are the two biggest features in the list. Most games have some form of jump momentum, and this version is implemented with a configurable strength that I can use to tune and balance it. The current version does not prevent you from changing directions entirely, and looking around is not impacted at all, but it does take a moment before your input starts to take effect.

I fixed a few cosmetic bugs as well, namely the incorrect subtitle when the pistol was fired and the message history only using a scroll effect for the first ~10 or so messages, before immediately showing new messages. The latter was caused by the code that limits the number of messages running before the scroll effect, which caused the new message to take the place of the old one and immediately become visible. They will now continue scrolling in as you receive new messages.

I did some work on the gunshot particle effects, especially the sparks in them. The sparks are using a small capsule shape today, which looks kind of like a spark, but I need to find a good sprite for them with a fading trail. Using geometry with Godot's compatibility renderer means that I don't have access to some of the fancier particle effects, but plenty of classic games used a sprite for sparks.

There are some changes to the `debug` console command as well, to make the default AABB outline smaller and to sort the components on the target entity by their script name.

### Progress

- features
	- added shortcut keys for quick save and load
		- saves to and loads from a saved game named "quicksave"
	- added a multiplier for movement control while jumping
		- this reduces your ability to change direction while in the air, after you have jumped
	- added the assets and addons that I've used to the credits menu
		- this shows a list of asset packs (including models, textures, and sounds) that I've used in the game, along with the Godot addons
- bugs:
	- fixed the subtitles for the pistol shot
		- changed from "Shotgun Blast" to "Pistol Shot"
	- fixed the message history scrolling
		- old items are now removed after scrolling to the new items, which keeps the length of the list stable while scrolling
- improvements:
	- improved the particle effects of the gunshots
		- reduced the size of the smoke and sparks
		- increased the explosiveness of the smoke (more of the particles are emitted around the same time)
		- I still want to replace the sparks with a sprite, but haven't found the right one yet
- other:
	- found an asset pack of icons to use for the message history, subtitles, and interactions

### TODOs

Done.

### Next Up

- improvements:
	- swap the bus stops with the bus stop model
	- swap the fire barrel with the open oil drum model
	- swap the phone poles with the phone poles model
	- cars need to emit sounds more often (for the attention system)
	- quick save and load should add message history items
- bugs:
	- fix zombie equipment errors ("Unable to equip weapon: ZombieMelee")
	- fix leaking relationships ("More than one entity wielding...")
- assets:
	- [x] find icons for the subtitles, interaction messages, etc
		- 24x24 is ideal, 32x32 could work
	- [x] start assigning icons to the subtitles
	- [x] start assigning icons to the interactions